
      Question 1

In this assignment you will implement one or more algorithms for the
all-pairs shortest-path problem. Here are data files describing three
graphs: graph #1
<http://spark-public.s3.amazonaws.com/algo2/datasets/g1.txt>; graph #2
<http://spark-public.s3.amazonaws.com/algo2/datasets/g2.txt>; graph #3
<http://spark-public.s3.amazonaws.com/algo2/datasets/g3.txt>.

The first line indicates the number of vertices and edges, respectively.
Each subsequent line describes an edge (the first two numbers are its
tail and head, respectively) and its length (the third number). NOTE:
some of the edge lengths are negative. NOTE: These graphs may or may not
have negative-cost cycles.

Your task is to compute the "shortest shortest path". Precisely, you
must first identify which, if any, of the three graphs have no negative
cycles. For each such graph, you should compute all-pairs shortest paths
and remember the smallest one (i.e., compute minu,vâˆˆVd(u,v), where
d(u,v)denotes the shortest-path distance from uto v).

If each of the three graphs has a negative-cost cycle, then enter "NULL"
in the box below. If exactly one graph has no negative-cost cycles, then
enter the length of its shortest shortest path in the box below. If two
or more of the graphs have no negative-cost cycles, then enter the
smallest of the lengths of their shortest shortest paths in the box below.

OPTIONAL: You can use whatever algorithm you like to solve this
question. If you have extra time, try comparing the performance of
different all-pairs shortest-path algorithms!

OPTIONAL: If you want a bigger data set to play with, try computing the
shortest shortest path for this graph
<http://spark-public.s3.amazonaws.com/algo2/datasets/large.txt>.

Answer for Question 1
*You entered:*
-19
Your Answer 		Score 	Explanation
-19 	Correct 	5.00 	
Total 		5.00 / 5.00 	
